en: improve env impact explanation (#1642)
nuxt/docs: en/api/configuration-env.md

- Type: `Object`

> > Nuxt.js lets you create environment variables that will be shared for the client side from server side. As you see in the example, the server side variable BASE_URL is brought to client side within the env property in nuxt.config.js. Alternatively, another value is defined (http://localhost:3000). So the env property defines environment variables client side, that can be assigned using server side environment variables, dotenv module environment variables, system variables, URLs and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Nuxt.js lets you create environment variables that will be shared for the client side from server side. 

As you see in the example, the server side variable BASE_URL is copied to the client side via the `env` property in the `nuxt.config.js`. 
Alternatively, another value is defined (http://localhost:3000). 
So the env property defines environment variables that should be present on the client side, that can be assigned using server side environment variables, the [dotenv module](https://github.com/nuxt-community/dotenv-module) or similar.
```

> *Be careful to read about process.env and process.env == {} below for better troubleshooting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Make sure to read about `process.env` and `process.env == {}` below for better troubleshooting.
```
